# System Flashing
#### Collected info & research about flashing network devices, routers, IoT devices, phones, tablets

This is a repo where I am organizing information and research about various systems, such as NAS devices, routers, IoT devices, or anything else running linux, which I've successfully recovered, upgraded, or improved through flashing. This is primarily necessary for clients, where I end up needing to flash systems to different firmware or ugprade the existing firmware, when upgrading or replacing the hardware isn't viable at the moment. Flashing may also be necessary for me to recover their data.

If you stumble upon this and have old networking devices, such as NAS devices, QNAP, anything running armv7 or higher, feel free to donate it to my research, as this is a necessary projects for clients as I come across devices that I need to flash for some reason.

### WD MyCloud (All Generations)
#### How To Recover Data from WD MyCloud (Older versions, including RAID 1-bay or 2-bay)
Recent client in which the RAID on their MyCloud crashed, all MyClouds are configured with hardware or software RAIDs. Essentially, their MyCloud was bricked, and since RAIDs can be complicated and sometimes require enourmous amounts of time, that can make it even more frustrating for people. If you lost the data, a data recovery center may charge you thousands. To note, it may seem obious, but WD does not support the older MyClouds and the Debian 7 OS anymore. Thankfully there is some information out there on reflashing and unbricking the MyCloud devices, thanks to some of that information, I have built onto that and found my own utilties, tricks, and tools to make this a much easier process. For this client, it turned out to be a OS crash, but these steps work for any scenario on the WD My Clouds, gen 1, gen 2, and gen 3. I moved all these instructions and steps I took to a separate page > [WD MyCloud Unbrick RAID-Recovery Telnet Notes](/WD-MyCloud-Unbrick-RAID-Recovery-Telnet.md).
